Boy lady
You must study hard
Call me anytime you need anything
Hello Ms. Lucky
I am Shen An'an from the Shen family
I wish you a long work.
This time, I want to talk to you about cooperation.
Oh.
Is it all?
Why does it sound so similar to Lu Qinghuan?
No way. This is Ms. Latty
I heard that I stay abroad all year round
How could it be that bitch Lu Qinghuan?
What are you thinking about?
Ms. Ratti
You don't know
Haichen has a woman named Lu Qinghuan
He sounds just like you.
But that woman was thinking
It's a bad thing to do realm
continue
He is still a mistress
Ruined my relationship with Bo Shao
Still delusional about going to Bo Shao's bed
He's still thinking about it.
Drug Grandpa Bo
Almost killed Grandpa Bo
No.
I don't know.
I might as well be so capable
cheap
How are you